3. ASTRID DATA BASE
ASTRID 数据库


3.1 Sources of Data
数据来源


3.1.1 Cells

ASTRID is designed primarily to receive data from SCOOT traffic control
ASTRID 被设计为首选接收SCOOT信号控制系统控制
systems, but data can also be received from other sources. Each source of data is
，但也可以从其他数据源接收数据。
referred to as a cell, which often refers to a specific SCOOT computer but can
每一个独立数据源，通常由特殊的SCOOT计算机构建，被称作一个cell，
equally well mean an independent source of data. A cell is given a name consisting
cell编码为一个两位数字.
of 2 digits.

3.1.2 Messages

Each cell supplies a stream of messages that contain the data required to be stored
每个cell发送包含请求的数据的信息(Messages)到数据库中。
in the database. The messages for ASTRID are in an amended format from the
standard SCOOT messages, but contain the same information. The following
ASTRID的 每条Messages 采用固定框架格式，需要包含：
information is required for each message to be processed by ASTRID:
每条信息都必须被ASTRID加工以下内容
(1) Date
日期
(2) Start time
开始时刻
(3) End time
结束时刻
(4) Message type
消息类型
(5) Site
站点
(6) Data value
数值
(7) Fault indicator
故障提示
A message can contain more than one data value.
一条Message 可以包含多个数值。


3.2 Database Organisation
数据库构架

3.2.1 Configuration
配置

The parameters which specify to ASTRID what data types to collect by default and
at what resolution are set up by STC during the installation of ASTRID.
ASTRID在安装时配置的STC，指定了默认情况下收集的数据类型和颗粒度的参数.
Configuration of other data types is described in section 4.
其他数据类型的配置描述在第四章。

3.2.2 Site
站点

The ASTRID database is organised by site which means the location for which the
ASTRID 数据库由收集数据的站点(Site)构成
data is collected. Sites are one of several types:
site有下面几种类型
(1) An area represents a whole cell. Because data can be collected for more than
一个区域(area)代表一个cell，收集的数据由于数据收集的范围多于一个cell，会多于
one cell, there may be more than one area.
一个区域(area)。
(2) A region is a SCOOT region, or an equivalent for a non-SCOOT data
source.
子区(region)是一个SCOOT子区，或者等价一个非SCOOT数据源。
(3) A node is a SCOOT node, or an equivalent for a non-SCOOT data source.
节点(node) 是一个SCOOT节点，或者等价一个非SCOOT数据源。
(4) A stage is a SCOOT stage, or an equivalent for a non-SCOOT data source.
阶段(stage)是一个SCOOT阶段，或者等价一个非SCOOT数据源。
(5) A link is a SCOOT link, or an equivalent for a non-SCOOT data source.
连线(link)是一个SCOOT 连线，或者等价一个非SCOOT数据源。
(6) A detector is a SCOOT detector, or an equivalent for a non-SCOOT data
source.
检测器(detector)是一个SCOOT 检测器，，或者等价一个非SCOOT数据源。
(7) A route is a set of links which has been defined to ASTRID by the user. A
路由(route)是一组被ASTRID用户指定的连线(link)。
route may consist of links representing a particular route through the
路由可以表示某些的之间通过路网关联有特定的联系
network, or it may be a set of disconnected links which the user wishes to
consider together.
，或用户希望一组连线放在一起考虑的连线(link)。
(8) A group is sub-area or equivalent group of equipment.
组(group) 是一个分区或等价于一个设备组。
(9) A car park is a single car park. It may have a number of in and out counts.
停车场(car park) 是一个单独的停车场，有进出的车辆数数据。
(10) A cnt is a count taken directly from a count source, not derived by the use of
conversion factors.
cnt 是一个从计数源获取的计数，不是转换得来的。

3.2.3 Resolution
颗粒度

The time resolution of data (except the trend periods) can be configured as part of
时间数据(除趋势周期以外)的颗粒度在安装ASTRID
the initial installation of ASTRID. The values given here are typical values.
时配置一个通用值作为默认值。
Data are stored at one of three types of resolution
数据以以下三个颗粒度存储模式进行存储
(1) Data entering ASTRID are at high resolution. The exact resolution depends
数据以细颗粒度写入ASTRID。 
on the message being processed, but M02 messages are normally cyclic or at
具体的颗粒度取决于消息(message)上被处理的数据，
5-minute resolution, and M08 and M29 messages are cyclic. Data at their
但M02消息通常是循环的或采用5分钟颗粒度，M08，M29消息是循环的。
resolution are stored for a few days, at most, as the storage requirements are
当前颗粒度的数据只储存几天，至多(除非?)储存需求很大。
very large. This resolution of data can be appropriate for analysing incidents
这一颗粒度下的数据可以用于分析事故
or other effects on the network. The raw files are stored at this resolution .
或其他对路网状况产生影响事件。原始文件以这个颗粒度存储。

(2) Data are stored at medium resolution for the longer term. The time
数据以中等颗粒度用来长时间储存
resolution of 15 minutes is a compromise between detail of information and
均衡考虑信息和存储需求，采用15分钟的颗粒度
storage requirements. The profiles are stored at this resolution.
配置文件以这个颗粒度存储。
(3) Data at low resolution are divided into a few time periods per day, covering
数据以粗颗粒度存储，
peak and off-peak periods as a whole. Because the storage requirements are
每天取覆盖(？区分)峰峰期的几个时间段
so much less, data can be stored for years at this resolution. The trend files
这种方式需要很少的储存成本，数据可以储存数年，
are stored at this resolution.
趋势数据以这个颗粒度存储。

3.2.4 File types
文件类型

The files are organised as four separate file types which contain data at different
resolutions and for different periods:
文件系统由四种分别包含不同的颗粒度和统计周期的文件类型组成
(1) Raw files contain raw data for the last few days only at high resolution.
原始文件(Raw files)包含以细颗粒度储的存最近几天的原始数据。
(2) Profiles files contain average data per weekday at a medium resolution.
配置文件(Profiles files)包含以中等粒度储存的每个weekday(原语义里包含周一到周日)的平均数据。
(3) Trend files contain data per day at low resolution.
趋势文件(Trend file) 包含每天的粗粒度数据。
(4) Bac files contain data per day at medium resolution.
Bac文件(Bac file) 包含每天的粗粒度数据.

3.2.5 Records
记录

Each file contains records each of which contains the data for one period of time.
每个文件包含一个若干条记录(records)，每条是一个统计周期的数据
For example a profile file contains records for one site; each record in the file
例如一个配置文件包含一个站点的数据,
would contain one 15-minute period of data for the one site.
文件中的每条记录包含一个站点15分钟的数据。

3.2.6 Keys
键
A record is referenced with the following keys, although not all file types contain
记录按照实际情况，参考如下的内容作为键(key)
all these keys:

(1) Date—the day, month and year of the date for which the record contains
日期(Date) 每条记录包含日,月,年
data. Typically the date is represented externally as yyyymmdd, so that, for
格式通常采用 yyyymmdd
example, 1 9 9 5 0 1 2 6 represents 26 January 1995. The reason for using
19950126表示 1995年1月26日
this formula is that it allows dates to be sorted conveniently.
使用这样的时间格式可以方便日期数据排序。
(2) Weekday—the day of the week, Monday to Sunday. Externally the
Weekday 一周里的某天，从周一到周日。
weekdays are represented by the first two letters of their name, so that MO
represents Monday, etc.
用那天的单词首二字母来代表，比如用MO表示周一(Monday)
(3) The start time of the data period. Times are represented externally as hh:mm
统计周期的开始时间。通常使用格式 hh:mm 24小时制。
using the 24-hour clock, so that, for example, half past seven at night is
represented as 19:30.
比如用19:30 表示晚七点半。
(4) The end time of the data period. This is represented in the same way as the
统计周期的结束时间。格式和开始时间相同，
start time. The end time of a period can extend to midnight, which is then
represented as 24:00.
结束时间可以包含午夜，用24:00表示.

3.2.7 Items
项
(1) Data - All the data for one site corresponding to that date and time.
数据 —— 一个站点在相应日期、时间的所有数据
The actual format of the data in the files is not described here as the files are not
因为文件不是由用户直接访问的，
accessible directly by the user; instead data can be retrieved from the database by
在此没有描述数据在文件中的实际格式；用户用检索数据的方式查看数据
using the View command and is displayed in the form of a graph.
并用View命令可视化

3.2.8 Back Files and Day Files
备份\还原 文件
These files contain detailed information at the normal aggregation level of 15
通常级别下，这些文件包含15分钟的详细信息 
minutes. They all contain data in the same format; the differences are in the dates
这些文件用同样的格式存储数据，不同的是数据关联的日期
for which the data is relevant. A dayfile contains the latest incomplete day being
一个dayfile 包含最近的不完整天通常是当前日期。
processed, which will normally be the current day. The bacfile itself contains the
bacfile除了包含和dayfile相同的数据，
same data but for previous dates, usually containing all of the current month.
还保留了当前月份内截止当前日期的数据。
Bacfiles are archived at the start of each month; the archived bacfiles are more
Bacfiles在每个月开始的时候开始存档；
difficult to access but still exist in the database.
虽然存在数据库中但存档文件更难直接访问。
Each record contains the following information:
每条记录包含如下信息
(1) Date
日期
(2) Weekday
Weekday
(3) Start time
开始时间
(4) End time
结束时间
plus the following for each data type:
为每个数据添加如下数据类型
(5) Mean
均值
(6) Valid sample size (°Sc)
有效样本率 (°Sc)？？
(7) Fault sample size (%)
无效样本率 (%)


3.2.9 Trend files
趋势文件

The trend files contain aggregated data for previous days There are 7 different
趋势文件包含聚合后的数据，
aggregation periods, as identified by the start and end times, e.g.:
有如下七个不同的聚合区间
(1) 00:00 to 24:00
(2) 00:00 to 07:00
(3) 07:00 to 10:00
(4) 10:00 to l6:00
(5) 16:00 to 19:00
(6) 19:00 to 24:00
(7) 07:00 to 19:00
This ensures that the trend files are relatively small. These periods cannot be
changed.
这种区间选取保障趋势文件足够小，并且边界不能改变。

3.2.10 Profiles
配置文件

A site has a profile for each day of the week; each record in the profile contains the
following information:
每个站点在一周里的每天存储一个配置文件(Proflie);每个配置文件包含如下信息：
(1) Weekday
weekday
(2) Start time
开始时间
(3) End time
结束时间
plus the following for each data type:
为每个数据添加如下数据类型
(4) Mean
均值
(5) Standard deviation (stdev)
标准差
(6) Sample size (count)
样本容量


3.3 Basic Data Types
基本数据类型

3.3.1 Introduction
简介

These data types are collected directly from messages and are stored in the
这些数据直接从消息(messages)中获取并保存在 ASTRID 数据库。
ASTRID database. ASTRID is not restricted to recording these data types; any
ASTRID 不仅记录数据类型，
information which can be taken from a message can be stored in the database
如果期望的话，
provided ASTRID is configured to do so.
ASTRID可以将任何message中携带的信息保存在数据库中。

3.3.2 Flow
流量

The M02 message gives SCOOT flow. It is measured in lpu/h and differs from
M02 消息提供SCOOT流量数据。 此时的流量数据以lpu/h作为单位，
actual flow in several respects:
去别与真实流量有以下几点：
• Because it is measured in lpu/h it should strictly be converted to vehicles with a
因为流量的单位是lpu/h的，
link-dependent (and possibly time-dependent) conversion factor.
这里流量想转化为实际流量需要依赖link(也许是时间)的参数。
• It is subject to the maximum queue; flow which is measured but which is
flow存在最大队列限制，
modelled as exceeding the maximum queue is not included.
只有最大队列限制范围内的模拟流量(连续1？)
• The modelled flow is retained from a previous cycle if the SCOOT detector is
如果SCOOT设备用作检测拥堵，模拟流量将被从上一个周期保留，
seen as congested.This is essential for the correct operation of the SCOOT
这是为了SCOOT拥堵优化可以正常运转的必备操作，
optimisers in congested conditions, but does mean that the flow values obtained
而不是用于反应道路真实情况，不代表流量值真实存在。
do not necessarily reflect the street in the circumstances.
The F01 message gives a flow value based on count detector input
F01消息提供基于计数设备输入的流量值。

3.3.3 Stops
停车次数

The M02 message gives SCOOT stops, which represent the number of stops on
M02消息提供SCOOT停车次数（stops），代表车辆在SCOOT连线上的停车次数 。
the link as modelled by SCOOT. It is measured in lpu/h and is output by ASTRID
in veh/h.
以lpu/h作为输入计算，在ASTRID以veh/h输出

3.3.4 Delay
延误
The M02 message gives SCOOT delay, which represents the delay on the link as
M02消息提供SCOOT延误（delay），代表SCOOT连线模型上的延误值
modelled by SCOOT. The value is in lpus and can be thought of as the average
延误值由lpu值表示，可以认为是
queue length on the link throughout the period. It is stored in ASTRID to a
整个周期内连线上的平均队列长度。
resolution of 0- l vehicles and is output in vehicles.
在ASTRID中以0-1车辆（？？）储存，输出车辆数。

3.3.5 Congestion
拥堵
The M02 message gives raw congestion, unprocessed by SCOOT. The term
M02消息提供原始拥堵值(congestion),未被SCOOT加工。
'congestion' in SCOOT is based on the concept of a congested interval; this is a
'congestion' 是一个’拥挤的区间‘的表述；
period of 4 seconds for which the detector (or any one of the detectors) on the link
用来表示连线上的检测器（或其他任何检测器）被持续覆盖超过4秒
is covered. The raw congestion is the total length of these congested intervals as a
原始的拥堵值是这样的’拥挤的区间(连续1)‘的总长度（时长）
proportion of the length of the period; it has not been processed by the SCOOT
占整个周期的比例。这一数据未被SCOOT处理
model. It is stored in ASTRID to a resolution of l% and is output in percent.
在ASTRID中以1%的颗粒度存储，输出百分比。

3.3.6 Saturation
饱和度

The M08 message gives the degree of saturation of a link as modelled by SCOOT.
M08消息提供饱和度（saturation） 表示SCOOT连线上的饱和度
It is output by ASTRID in percent.
在ASTRID以百分比输出。


3.3.7 Historic flow parameters
历史流量参数

The M45 message produces 4 parameters which are stored by ASTRID and can be
M45消息产生4个由ASTRID生成并反馈到SCOOT的参数
fed back into SCOOT. They enable SCOOT to produce a default profile when
这些参数使SCOOT在检测器故障的时候产生一个配置我文件（profile）
detectors are faulty and can be used instead of the default split and default offset
用来替代默认的split和offset值
values. The four values are: Historic cyclic flow, Historic green flow, Historic
这四个参数是历史周期车流、历史绿灯车流、历史周期时长、历史绿灯时长。
cycle length and Historic green length.

3.3.8 Detector flow
检测器流量

The detector flow is a value for flow calculated by counting the number of
检测器流量(detector flow)由检测器计算(计数)设备的开关量转化得出。
transitions of the detector state from off to on. For detectors covering only one
对于只覆盖一条车道(lane)的设备，
lane it should give an accurate flow count; for other detectors it will give an
给出的应该是一个确定的计数，对于其他情况
underestimate depending on the amount of masking. This parameter is not suitable
会给出一个被低估的值，取决于  。
for use by the SCOOT model or optimisers but is used by the INGRID incident
这个参数不适合用于SCOOT模式或优化器(拥堵优化器？) ，但
detection system, and can be used wherever a value for flow is required which is
适用于INGRID事件检测系统，并可以用于任何需要流量数据
not influenced by the SCOOT model.
并且不影响SCOOT模式的场景。

3.3.9 Detector occupancy
检测器占有率

The detector occupancy is a value for the occupancy of a detector calculated by
检测器占有率(detectoe occupancy) 是计算检测器
taking the total number of quarter-seconds for which the detector is on as a
percentage of the whole period.
以1/4秒为单位在整个周期内占用的比例。

3.3.10 Stage length
阶段时长

The stage length is the SCOOT stage length as derived from the M17 message.
阶段时长(Stage Length)是M17消息中的 SCOOT阶段时长。
This is the length of stage as demanded by SCOOT and does not take account of
这个阶段时长是SCOOT计算后请求的时长，
the occurrence or not on street of demand Dependent stages.
不考虑事件和不在街道上的需求(?)。


3.4 Derived Data Types
派生数据类型

3.4.1 Introduction
简介
These data types are not stored in the ASTRID database but are derived from data
这些数据类型不储存在ASTRID数据库，而是从储存数据中派生的
stored there by straightforward calculations. The user can access and display these
用户可以像基本类型一样访问和展示
data types in the same way as the basic data types.
这些派生数据类型。

3.4.2 Vehicle delay
车辆延误

The vehicle delay, or delay per vehicle, is obtained by dividing the delay by the
车辆延误，或车均延误，通过区分流量数据得到
flow, giving a value in seconds and eliminating the dependence on lpu factors. This
每数秒依赖lpu的因子计算一个数据，
is SCOOT's estimate of the delay suffered by a vehicle on the link.
，通过SCOOT 估计连线上车辆的延误损失计算来的。

3.4.3 Journey time
旅行时间
The journey time is obtained by adding the vehicle delay to the cruise time. It gives
旅行时间是(journey time)是延迟时间加上自由旅行时间.
SCOOT's estimate of the time for an average vehicle to travel the link. The cruise
SCOOT估计连线上的车辆平均时间.
time can be entered in the ASTRID database as part of the installation process but
自由旅行时间可以在安装ASTRID数据库时配置,
is not automatically updated from the SCOOT value.
SCOOT并不会更新自由旅行时间


3.4.4 Speed
速度

This is derived from the link length, the cruise time and the vehicle delay as
通过link的长度计算,自由旅行时间和车辆延误
follows:
s = 3.6*l/(t+d)
where:
s is the speed (km/h),
速度(km/h)
l is the link length (m)
l 连线长度(m)
t is the cruise time on the link (s),
t 自由旅行时间(s)
d is the vehicle delay on the link (s).
d link上的车辆延误(s)

3.4.5 Congestion index
拥堵指数
This is derived from the vehicle delay and the link cruise time as follows:
通过车辆延误和连线上的自由旅行时间计算
c = t/(t+d)
where:
c is the congestion index,
c 是拥堵值
t is the cruise time on the link(s),
t 是连线的自由旅行时间
d is the vehicle delay on the link(s).
d 是车辆的延误时间
The congestion index is a dimensionless measure of the delay on the link such that
拥堵指数是对连线是上延误的一个无量纲的度量
no delay gives a congestion index of 1, if the delay is equal to the cruise time the
没有车辆延误时拥堵指数标记1,如果延误等于旅行时间
congestion index is 2 and so on with higher values of congestion index indicating
拥堵指数是2,以此类推拥堵指数越高代表越拥堵
greater levels of delay. In SCOOT terminology it is a measure of delay rather than
在SCOOT术语中,延误(delay)更加常用,但是拥堵指数
congestion, but the term congestion index is used in a wider context.
在日常使用中更加常见.

3.4.6 Vehicle occupancy
车辆占有率
This is derived by dividing the detector occupancy by the detector flow to give the
车辆占有率(Vehicle occupancy) 通过检测器流量计算检测器占有率,然后计算车辆的平均占有率
average occupancy of a vehicle. It is output in milliseconds per vehicle (ms/veh).
输出单位 ms(微秒)/veh(过车量)

3.4.7 Lpu factor
Lpu因子
An estimate of the lpu factor is derived from the vehicle occupancy. It is output in
lpus per vehicle (lpu/veh).
通过检测器的车辆占有率计算Lpu因子(lpu) 输出单位 lpu/veh

3.5 Summary of Data Types
数据类型总结

code 	level 	message param 	units 	description
flow 	link 	M02 	p8 		veh/h 	Flow
stops 	link 	M02 	p6 		veh/h 	Stops
del 	link 	M02 	p7 		veh 	Delay
cong 	link 	M02 	p10 	% 		Congestion
dsat 	link 	M08 	p5 		% 		Saturation
hflwc 	link 	M45 	p5 		veh/h 	Historic cycle flow
hflwg 	link 	M45 	p7 		veh/h 	Historic green flow
hlenc 	link 	M45 	p6 		s 		Historic cycle length
hleng 	link 	M45 	p8 		s 		Historic green length
rflow 	det 	M29 	p6 		veh/h 	Det flow
rocc 	det 	M29 	p7 		% 		Det occ
slen 	stg 	M17 	p5 		s 		Stage length

The parameters p5, p6 etc. represent the parameters in a SCOOT message.
参数p5,p6等代表 SCOOT 的消息参数.
